# XQueryProcessor

## Project Overview

XQueryProcessor is a Java-based engine for parsing and evaluating XPath/XQuery expressions. It's designed to interact with XML documents, construct Abstract Syntax Trees (ASTs), and output the results of evaluations in XML format.

## How to Run

To use the XQueryProcessor, compile the Java source code and then run the resulting JAR file with the following command:

`java -jar CSE232B-Milestone3.jar <-p/-q> <input_xpath/xquery_file> <output_xml_file>`

Switch between `<-p/-q>` to choose execute xpath or xquery command

Replace `<input_xpath/xquery_file>` with the path to your XPath/XQuery input file, and `<output_xml_file>` with the path for the output XML file.

## Project Structure

The main components of the XQueryProcessor project are:

- `src/main/antlr4`: Contains the ANTLR grammar defining the structure of XPath/XQuery expressions.
- `src/main/java/org/cse232b`: Holds the Java classes for the engine, including the parser and evaluator.
- `src/main/resources`: Includes sample XML and DTD files, as well as example queries.
- `src/test`: Contains test cases to ensure the functionality of the XQueryProcessor.
- `target`: Generated by the build process, it includes the compiled JAR file necessary to run the application.

## Input/Output

- Sample input files are provided in `src/main/resources`.
- The output is a well-formed XML document resulting from the evaluated XPath/XQuery expression.

Please ensure Java is installed on your system and follow the standard Java project build procedures to compile and execute the application.

